adds sad/said defintions. Closes #54. Closes #55. (#114)
trustoverip/tswg-keri-specification: spec/spec.md

[[def: Self-addressing identifiers (SAIDs)]]

> ~ special type of content-addressable identifier based on encoded cryptographic digest that is self-referential. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~ an identifier that is content-addressable and self-referential. A SAID is uniquely and cryptographically bound to a serialization of data that includes the SAID as a component in that serialization.
```

[[def: SAD (Self-Addressed Data)]]

> ~ a data container utilizing a [[ref: SAID]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~ a representation of data content from which a SAID is derived. The SAID is both cryptographically bound to (content-addressable) and encapsulated by (self-referential) its SAD [[ref: SAID]].
```
